okay here we have a 1974 Austin FX 4d
this is an authentic London taxi this
car has a very nice-looking grille
focusing up top you can see the taxi
light illuminate it
AB still has the original registration
to gov 1n original license from the UK
number 6400 license to carry four
persons I look inside can actually see
the license is still in there - along
with the fares so I have a quick look in
the front seat in the front we have two
seats of course it's a right-hand drive
it's an automatic which makes life a lot
easier
we have a big bench seat in the back
it's also a couple of jump seats which
I'll show you how they work
see there's lots of room in the back
seat here two people fit on there no
problem
the jumpsuits they fold down so you've
got room for two more people the vehicle
easily fits for people in the back now
we'll have a look inside the engine
compartment just got to lift them on it
and here we have a 2.5 liter diesel
engine and we get this sink fired up
it's an onion engine
we gotta get the bonnet closed and see
it go down the road
and that is our London taxi